adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj\Debug\81\res\layout\tabbar.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj\Debug\81\res\layout\toolbar.xml
androidhud.ProgressWheel;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\layout\loadingprogress.xml
attr;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
background;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
background;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
color;obj\Debug\81\res\values\colors.xml
corners;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\roundedbg.xml
corners;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\roundedbgdark.xml
declare-styleable;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\38\jl\res\layout\zxingscanneractivitylayout.xml
FrameLayout;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\38\jl\res\layout\zxingscannerfragmentlayout.xml
gradient;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\roundedbg.xml
gradient;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\roundedbgdark.xml
ImageView;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\layout\loadingimage.xml
item;obj\Debug\81\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\layout\loading.xml
LinearLayout;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\layout\loadingimage.xml
LinearLayout;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\layout\loadingprogress.xml
ProgressBar;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\layout\loading.xml
resources;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\10\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\11\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\15\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\3\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\37\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;obj\Debug\81\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Debug\81\res\values\styles.xml
shape;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\roundedbg.xml
shape;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\drawable\roundedbgdark.xml
string;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\10\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\11\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\15\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\3\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\37\jl\res\values\strings.xml
style;obj\Debug\81\res\values\styles.xml
TextView;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\layout\loading.xml
TextView;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\layout\loadingimage.xml
TextView;E:\PhongDatSolutions\2020.7 PumpWateringController\BomNuoc\BomNuoc\BomNuoc.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\2\jl\res\layout\loadingprogress.xml
